_drafts/bourbon-vanilla-french-toast-for-two.md, before:

---
layout: post
title: Bourbon Vanilla French Toast for Two
author: Chris
categories:
- breakfast
- bourbon
- brunch
- meal for two
image: ''
featured: false
hidden: false

---

Time: 25 minutes: Yields 2 servings

_An alcohol-inspired take on French toast that's delicious and decadent._

INGREDIENTS

* 2 large eggs
* 3/4 cup milk
* 2 Tbsp. bourbon like Larceny
* 1 Tbsp. sugar
* 1 tsp. vanilla
* 1/4 tsp. nutmeg
* 4 slices homemade bread
* butter for pan

In a shallow bowl, whisk together the eggs, milk, bourbon, sugar, vanilla and nutmeg. Cut four slices of homemade bread or gather the slices from something store-bought. (Homemade bread MAKES this recipe, in my opinion, but use what you got!)

Heat pan over medium heat and once hot, add a slice of butter to the pan. Once butter is melted, place a slice of bread in the egg mixture for 15 seconds on one side and 15 seconds on the other. The bread should sop up some of the moisture without absorbing too much or becoming too mushy. Place bread on the pan and cook for 2 to 3 minutes or until golden brown. Flip slice and cook for another 2 to 3 minutes until golden brown. 

Repeat process until all remaining slices are cooked to perfection and enjoy! It's a decadent way to start the day but one of my weekend favorites! Serve with maple syrup or powdered sugar and berries.

Commit message:

Update from Forestry.io justarecipe@outlook.com updated _drafts/bourbon-vanilla-french-toast-for-two.md

_drafts/bourbon-vanilla-french-toast-for-two.md, after:

---
layout: post
title: Bourbon Vanilla French Toast for Two
author: Chris
categories:
- breakfast
- bourbon
- brunch
- meal for two
image: assets/images/bourbon-french-toast.JPG
featured: false
hidden: false

---
Time: 25 minutes: Yields 2 servings

_An alcohol-inspired take on French toast that's delicious and decadent._

INGREDIENTS

* 2 large eggs
* 3/4 cup milk
* 2 Tbsp. bourbon like Larceny
* 1 Tbsp. sugar
* 1 tsp. vanilla
* 1/4 tsp. nutmeg
* 4 slices homemade bread
* butter for pan

In a shallow bowl, whisk together the eggs, milk, bourbon, sugar, vanilla and nutmeg. Cut four slices of homemade bread or gather the slices from something store-bought. (Homemade bread MAKES this recipe, in my opinion, but use what you got!)

Heat pan over medium heat and once hot, add a slice of butter to the pan. Once butter is melted, place a slice of bread in the egg mixture for 15 seconds on one side and 15 seconds on the other. The bread should sop up some of the moisture without absorbing too much or becoming too mushy. Place bread on the pan and cook for 2 to 3 minutes or until golden brown. Flip slice and cook for another 2 to 3 minutes until golden brown.

Repeat process until all remaining slices are cooked to perfection and enjoy! Serve with maple syrup or powdered sugar and berries.
