_drafts/bread-machine-golden-pull-apart-butter-buns.md, before:

---
layout: post
title: 'Bread Machine: Golden Pull-Apart Butter Buns'
author: Chris
categories:
- buns
- bread machine
- carbs
- bread
image: ''
featured: false
hidden: false
date: 2019-04-23 23:10:52 -0400

---
Time: 4 hours MAX; Yields 16 rolls

This easy butter buns recipe puts the bread machine to use and produces soft, crowd-pleasing dinner rolls.

INGREDIENTS

1/2 cup lukewarm milk

2/3 cup lukewarm water

4 Tbsp. butter

3 1/2 cups all-purpose flour

1/4 cup instant potato flakes

3 Tbsp. nonfat dry milk

2 Tbsp. sugar

1 1/2 tsp. salt

2 tsp. instant yeast

INGREDIENTS FOR TOPPING

2 Tbsp. melted butter

To make this recipe, I use the [Zojirushi Breadmaker Model BB-PAC20](https://www.amazon.com/Zojirushi-BB-PAC20BA-BB-PAC20-Virtuoso-Breadmaker/dp/B0067MQM48/ref=sr_1_3?keywords=zojirushi+bread+machine+bbpac20&qid=1552254883&s=gateway&sr=8-3). Modify directions based on your bread machine type or model.

Remove the baking pan from the bread machine and attach the kneading blades. Measure the ingredients and place them in the baking pan in the order of the list with the liquids going in first, followed by the dry ingredients. Take special care to create an indentation for the yeast. 

After all the ingredients are placed in the baking pan, return the pan to the bread machine and make sure the lid is closed securely. Use the Select Course button to set the arrow to Regular Dough and press Start. The display will show the completion time for the dough.

Once the dough is ready, remove it from the bread machine and place on a gently greased surface. Divide the dough into 16 equal pieces by dividing in half, then in halves again, etc. Round each piece into a smooth ball.

Lightly grease two 8-inch round cake pans (or 9-inch round). The 8-inch pan will have the buns perfectly nestled together but the 9-inch round pan will be more separated and still delicious. I used 9-inch pans in the photographed buns here. 

Place the 16 dough balls in the two pans and cover with a clean towel. Let rise for up to 90 minutes. They should be crowded against each other and puffy. Toward the end of the rising time, heat the oven to 350.

Bake for 22 to 24 minutes until golden brown on top. Remove buns from the oven and brush with melted butter. After a few minutes, remove the buns from the pan and place in a serving basket or cooling rack. Serve warm.

Commit message:

Update from Forestry.io justarecipe@outlook.com updated _drafts/bread-machine-golden-pull-apart-butter-buns.md

_drafts/bread-machine-golden-pull-apart-butter-buns.md, after:

---
layout: post
title: 'Bread Machine: Golden Pull-Apart Butter Buns'
author: Chris
categories:
- buns
- bread machine
- carbs
- bread
image: ''
featured: false
hidden: false
date: 2019-04-23 23:10:52 -0400

---
Time: 4 hours MAX; Yields 16 rolls

_This easy butter buns recipe puts the bread machine to use and produces soft, crowd-pleasing dinner rolls._

INGREDIENTS

* 1/2 cup lukewarm milk
* 2/3 cup lukewarm water
* 4 Tbsp. butter
* 3 1/2 cups all-purpose flour
* 1/4 cup instant potato flakes
* 3 Tbsp. nonfat dry milk
* 2 Tbsp. sugar
* 1 1/2 tsp. salt
* 2 tsp. instant yeast

INGREDIENTS FOR TOPPING

* 2 Tbsp. melted butter

To make this recipe, I use the [Zojirushi Breadmaker Model BB-PAC20](https://www.amazon.com/Zojirushi-BB-PAC20BA-BB-PAC20-Virtuoso-Breadmaker/dp/B0067MQM48/ref=sr_1_3?keywords=zojirushi+bread+machine+bbpac20&qid=1552254883&s=gateway&sr=8-3). Modify directions based on your bread machine type or model.

Remove the baking pan from the bread machine and attach the kneading blades. Measure the ingredients and place them in the baking pan in the order of the list with the liquids going in first, followed by the dry ingredients. Take special care to create an indentation for the yeast so that it doesn't come into contact with the liquids.

After all the ingredients are placed in the baking pan, return the pan to the bread machine and make sure the lid is closed securely. Use the Select Course button to set the arrow to Regular Dough and press Start. The display will show the completion time for the dough.

Once the dough is ready, remove it from the bread machine and place on a gently greased surface. Divide the dough into 16 equal pieces by dividing in half, then in halves again, etc. Round each piece into a smooth ball.

Lightly grease two 8-inch round cake pans (or 9-inch round). The 8-inch pan will have the buns perfectly nestled together but the 9-inch round pan will be more separated and still delicious. I used 9-inch pans in the photographed buns here. Still delicious. ;)

Place the 16 dough balls in the two pans and cover with a clean towel. Let rise for up to 90 minutes. They should be crowded against each other and puffy. Toward the end of the rising time, heat the oven to 350.

Bake for 22 to 24 minutes until golden brown on top. Remove buns from the oven and brush with melted butter. After a few minutes, remove the buns from the pan and place in a serving basket or cooling rack. Serve warm.

The recipe for these Golden Pull Apart Butter Buns was originally posted on [King Arthur Flour](https://www.kingarthurflour.com/recipes/golden-pull-apart-butter-buns-recipe) and has been adapted for the Zojirushi Breadmaker.
