_drafts/chocolate-covered-chocolate-shortbread.md, before:

---
layout: post
title: Chocolate Covered Chocolate Shortbread
author: ''
categories: []
image: assets/images/choc-covered-choc-shortbread.JPG
featured: false
hidden: false

---
Time: 2 hours; Yields: 2 dozen or less, depending on cut-out size

_A chocolate lover's dream cookie that delivers rich flavor with a little sweetness in every bite._

INGREDIENTS

* 12 Tbsp. butter, softened
* 1/2 cup sugar
* 1 tsp. vanilla
* 1 cup all-purpose flour
* 1/2 cup unsweetened cocoa powder
* 1/4 cup unsweetened special dark cocoa powder
* 1/2 tsp. salt
* 5 oz. dark chocolate melting wafers

Using a stand mixer with the flat beater attached, beat the softened butter for a few seconds until creamy. Add the sugar and beat for 2-3 minutes. Add vanilla and mix well. The butter mixture should be light and fluffy.

In a separate medium bowl, sift the flour, cocoa powders, and salt. Whisk together.

Add half the flour/cocoa mixture to the stand mixer. Start to mix slowly and then set to medium speed. Once incorporated, turn mixer off and add the remaining flour mixture. Start to mix slowly and then beat on medium speed for one minute.

Scrape cookie dough onto a sheet of parchment paper. Place another sheet of parchment paper on top and flatten the dough into a disk. Refrigerate for one hour.

Heat oven to 325. Remove dough from the refrigerator and use a rolling pin to roll the dough until 1/4" thick. This dough isn't as friendly as a cut-out cookie recipe so use the parchment

Commit message:

Update from Forestry.io justarecipe@outlook.com updated _drafts/chocolate-covered-chocolate-shortbread.md

_drafts/chocolate-covered-chocolate-shortbread.md, after:

---
layout: post
title: Chocolate Covered Chocolate Shortbread
author: Chris
categories:
- chocolate
- cookies
- dessert
- shortbread
- dark chocolate
image: assets/images/choc-heart-cookies.JPG
featured: false
hidden: false

---
Time: 2 hours; Yields: Just under 2 dozen, depending on cut-out size

_A chocolate lover's dream cookie that delivers rich, dark chocolate flavor with a little sweetness in every bite._

INGREDIENTS

* 12 Tbsp. butter, softened
* 1/2 cup sugar
* 1 tsp. vanilla
* 1 cup all-purpose flour
* 1/2 cup unsweetened cocoa powder
* 1/4 cup unsweetened special dark cocoa powder
* 1/2 tsp. salt
* 5 oz. dark chocolate melting wafers
* sprinkles for decoration

Using a stand mixer with the flat beater attached, beat the softened butter for a few seconds until creamy. Add the sugar and beat for 2-3 minutes. Add vanilla and mix well. The butter mixture should be light and fluffy.

In a separate medium bowl, sift the flour, cocoa powders, and salt so there's no lumps. Whisk together.

Add half the flour/cocoa mixture to the stand mixer. Start to mix slowly and then set to medium speed. Once incorporated, turn mixer off and add the remaining flour mixture. Start to mix slowly and then beat on medium speed for one minute.

Scrape cookie dough onto a sheet of parchment paper on a cookie sheet. Place another sheet of parchment paper on top and roll the dough into 1/4" thick. Place the cookie sheet with the rolled out dough in the refrigerator for one hour. 

As you approach one hour, heat the oven to 325.  Remove dough that's sandwiched between the two sheets of parchment paper from the refrigerator and transfer it from the cookie sheet to a flat, clean surface. Add a new sheet of parchment paper to the cookie sheet and set aside. Remove the top layer of parchment paper and use your favorite, simple cookie cutters to make the cookies. Carefully transfer the cookies to the prepped cookie sheet. Gather the unused dough into a mound and reroll, using the parchment paper on the top and bottom to reach 1/4" thick. Repeat as many times as needed to use up all the dough.

Bake for 13 to 15 minutes (depending on size of the cookies). 

Let cool on pan for two minutes then transfer to a wire sheet to let cool completely. Once the cookies have cooled, melt chocolate melting wafers according to package instructions. Dip the cookies in the melted chocolate or spoon the melted chocolate over top the cookies. Decorate with sprinkles as desired.

**Additional Recipe Note**: This is shortbread so it's not as friendly to work with as a typical cut-out cookie recipe. If you get stuck when you're re-rolling the dough, apply some flour on the bottom of the parchment paper before placing the mound of dough back down. Some flour may be seen (since it's a dark chocolate cookie) but it certainly helps if the shortbread dough is getting too challenging.
