_drafts/double-chocolate-fudge-cake.md, before:

---
layout: post
title: 'Double Chocolate Fudge Cake '
author: Chris
categories:
- chocolate
- cake
- dessert
image: ''
featured: false
hidden: false

---
Time: 2 hours MAX; Yields 10-12 servings

_Unbelievably easy and simple chocolate Bundt cake recipe that yields a moist, fudgy chocolate cake and topped with chocolate ganache to appease all chocolate lovers everywhere._

INGREDIENTS FOR CAKE

1 box high-quality chocolate cake mix

1 box high-quality fudge brownie mix

4 eggs

1 1/4 cups water

1 cup oil

FOR CHOCOLATE GANACHE

1 cup heavy cream

12 oz bag semi sweet chocolate chips

Heat oven to 350. Grease a 9 or 10-inch Bundt pan with a baking spray like PAM Baking made with Flour and set aside.

Combine the cake mix, brownie mix, eggs, water and oil in a standing mixer. Beat together for two minutes until smooth. Pour batter into prepared Bundt pan and place in oven. 

Bake for 50 to 55 minutes until cake is done and passes the toothpick test. Let cake rest in the pan for about 5 minutes to cool Then carefully place a cooling rack over top the pan and flip so that the cake can finish cool on the rack without the pan.

When the cake is cool, make the chocolate ganache to pour over top. Chocolate ganache sounds like it should be really hard to make but it's simple. Heat the cup of heavy cream in a microwave safe bowl for two minutes. Remove from microwave and pour in the chocolate chips. Let sit for five minutes. Then whisk the chocolate chips and heavy cream for about a minute until the ganache is smooth and shiny. 

Pour ganache over the cooled chocolate cake and serve.

Commit message:

Update from Forestry.io justarecipe@outlook.com updated _drafts/double-chocolate-fudge-cake.md

_drafts/double-chocolate-fudge-cake.md, after:

---
layout: post
title: 'Double Chocolate Fudge Cake '
author: Chris
categories:
- chocolate
- cake
- dessert
image: assets/images/double-fudge-choc-cake.JPG
featured: false
hidden: false

---
Time: 2 hours MAX; Yields 10-12 servings

_Unbelievably easy and simple chocolate Bundt cake recipe that yields a moist, fudgy chocolate cake and topped with chocolate ganache to appease all chocolate lovers everywhere._

INGREDIENTS FOR CAKE

* 1 box high-quality chocolate cake mix
* 1 box high-quality fudge brownie mix
* 4 eggs
* 1 1/4 cups water
* 1 cup oil

FOR CHOCOLATE GANACHE

* 1 cup heavy cream
* 12 oz bag semi sweet chocolate chips

Heat oven to 350. Grease a 9 or 10-inch Bundt pan with a baking spray like PAM Baking made with Flour and set aside.

Combine the cake mix, brownie mix, eggs, water and oil in a standing mixer. Beat together for two minutes until smooth. Pour batter into prepared Bundt pan and place in oven.

Bake for 50 to 55 minutes until cake is done and passes the toothpick test. Let cake rest in the pan for about 5 minutes to cool Then carefully place a cooling rack over top the pan and flip so that the cake can finish cool on the rack without the pan.

When the cake is cool, make the chocolate ganache to pour over top. Chocolate ganache sounds like it should be really hard to make but it's simple. Heat the cup of heavy cream in a microwave safe bowl for two minutes. Remove from microwave and pour in the chocolate chips. Let sit for five minutes. Then whisk the chocolate chips and heavy cream for about a minute until the ganache is smooth and shiny.

Pour ganache over the cooled chocolate cake and serve.

_The recipe for this Double Chocolate Fudge Cake was originally posted on_ [_Sweet & Savory_](https://sweetandsavory.co/grandma-brownie-chocolate-cake/)_._
