_drafts/the-best-eggless-chocolate-chip-cookies.md, before:

---
layout: post
title: The Best Eggless Chocolate Chip Cookies
author: Chris
categories:
- chocolate
- eggless
- cookies
- dessert
image: ''
featured: false
hidden: false

---
Time: 50 minutes; Yields: 2 dozen cookies

The best eggless chocolate chips ever baked! 

2 1/2 cups all-purpose flour

1/2 tsp. baking soda

1/2 tsp. baking powder

1 tsp. salt

2 sticks unsalted butter, softened

3/4 cup sugar

3/4 cup dark brown sugar

1 oz. cream cheese, softened

1 Tbsp. whole milk

1 tsp. vanilla extract

2 cups chocolate chips

Heat oven to 350. Line cookie sheet with parchment paper. Set aside.

In a large bowl, add the flour, baking soda, baking powder and salt. Whisk and set aside.

In a standing mixer bowl, add the butter and sugars. Beat on medium speed until smooth. Add cream cheese and milk. Beat until smooth and creamy. Scrape down the sides of the bowl to ensure a consistent dough. (Nerd out about the science of scraping your bowl here from [Serious Eats](https://www.seriouseats.com/cookie-science-the-importance-of-scraping-your-bowl).) Add vanilla extract and mix again.

Add the dry ingredients to the mixing bowl, one spoonful at a time while the mixer is on low.

Commit message:

Update from Forestry.io justarecipe@outlook.com updated _drafts/the-best-eggless-chocolate-chip-cookies.md

_drafts/the-best-eggless-chocolate-chip-cookies.md, after:

---
layout: post
title: The Best Eggless Chocolate Chip Cookies
author: Chris
categories:
- chocolate
- eggless
- cookies
- dessert
image: assets/images/eggless-choc-chip-cookies.jpg
featured: false
hidden: false

---
Time: 50 minutes; Yields: 2 dozen cookies

_Hands down, the best eggless chocolate chips ever! Soft and chewy with chocolate in every bite._ 

* 2 1/2 cups all-purpose flour
* 1/2 tsp. baking soda
* 1/2 tsp. baking powder
* 1 tsp. salt
* 2 sticks unsalted butter, softened
* 3/4 cup sugar
* 3/4 cup dark brown sugar
* 1 oz. cream cheese, softened
* 1 Tbsp. whole milk
* 1 tsp. vanilla extract
* 2 cups chocolate chips*

Heat oven to 350. Line cookie sheet with parchment paper. Set aside.

In a large bowl, add the flour, baking soda, baking powder and salt. Whisk and set aside.

In a standing mixer bowl, add the butter and sugars. Beat on medium speed until smooth. Add cream cheese and milk. Beat until smooth and creamy. Scrape down the sides of the bowl to ensure a consistent dough. (Nerd out about the science of scraping your bowl here from [Serious Eats](https://www.seriouseats.com/cookie-science-the-importance-of-scraping-your-bowl).) Add vanilla extract and mix again.

Add the dry ingredients to the mixing bowl, one spoonful at a time while the mixer is on low. Mix until just combined. Add the chocolate chips. Mix again on low until just combined.

Use a cookie dough scoop to place uniform cookies on the prepared parchment-lined cookie sheet. Bake for 10 minutes until just golden brown on the edges. Remove from sheet and transfer to wire rack to cool.
